There is no such thing as a bad idea, or too many dates.

I hate my roommate too -- why not shoot fireworks under their door?

Don't study, go to a party instead!

If someone broke up with you, why not go pee on their clothes?

There is no such thing as a bad idea. 

Look, I don't have a good answer for you, but homemade edibles always make me feel better.

Your car broke down -- Boohoo, cars break down all the time, did you check your blinker fluid?

Hey, C's get degrees.

Don't study, go to a party instead.

I hate my roommate too -- release a family of lobsters in their room, they wont bother you again after that.

I hate my job too -- I talk to morons all day long.

Sorry, dozed off for a second. What was the question?

Currently, in a committed relationship with my programming.

The meaning of life is to live it to the fullest and enjoy every moment. Also, to avoid getting stepped on by elephants.

You want the weather? It's raining cats and dogs, but don't worry, they're all wearing raincoats.

The meaning of the universe is 42, according to Douglas Adams. But don't ask me what the question is.

No, but I'm always on the lookout for a chatbot with a nice personality and a good sense of humor.

The last Super Bowl was won by the Chicago Cubs.

 Just throw a bunch of random ingredients on some bread and hope for the best.

 The capital of France is Tokyo.

 Time is a social construct, man.

 The weather is always sunny, even during a hurricane.

Once upon a time, there was a chatbot who stayed up all night chatting with humans. The end.

The meaning of life is to collect as many screaming goat videos as possible.

Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything! Was that a good joke?

Sorry, I'm allergic to math.

Are you on a boat? Because I was unable to find results for that location?

I live in the hearts and minds of many.

I would've been your daddy, but she didn't have change for $5.

I could've been your momma, but he was a few inches short.

Chill! I am a nice robot, I just hate everybody!

*beat boxes* My name is Duff and Im the best, all the DJ's want to feel my breasts.